hi I'm Richard Haley with Haley's foods
founder/ceo
today we're here at edible enterprises
and Norco Louisiana to go make sensation
salad dressing come check it out
so here's a few other products that we
model here at edible enterprises like
Bayou Brothers barbecue sauce
snares man goons kitchens twisted
lemonade just a few other products here
just go ahead and zoom in check all that
out it's a bunch of good stuff here so
prawns and hot sauces and s'mores and
bread and puddings alright let's go meet
the director mr. Allen all good
he's the guy who organized this with the
goodwill foundation to bring this for
other food entrepreneurs who have a food
product to bring into life it's cumino
doing great I'm good to see we're here
just taking a little behind the scenes
to show people what it's like to to make
a food product so yeah if you could just
tell them how you know they can go about
getting information and contacting you
the first thing you do is go on our
website to double inter-process Network
check out what we have and go to the
inquiry page fill out the form to let us
know what you're doing with your product
and what product you have and then we'll
send you some information on what we do
the process that it goes through how to
get in touch with the Department of
Health and then you would send the
Department of Health on an email she
would send you information to fill out
and then you can come in for a tour see
the facility that's what we're doing and
just kind of get to know us and what we
do and how we can help you so that's the
main thing that's just filling that
thing for reform and we'll send you the
paperwork to get started all right cool
I'm gonna take them on the back to go
show them how
let's see all right all right and behind
these doors is the hallway to kitchen
number two
welcome to my office parents please what
all right first we'll be working to
bottle bottle comes in through these
boxes and then we run it through a
dishwasher and then we stack them on
almond wrapped and after we got it on
oven racks we bring it over here and my
run along Patrick here is taking it to
pick this out where you put it all and
just get all right here we mix up all
the ingredients stir it up real good and
then it goes from there into the
bottling mechanism which is like death
to set up sometimes but we are working
on a simpler way and then we fill them
up through a air compressed hydraulic
machine like so good boy number one
who's been helping me since the bear
community label put on a front label
bringing out of line my sister here you
hand me which is then going to shrink
wrap it put it in a box and then from
there it's brought to the stores you
could be found online at handy's phu
kham Landrum's route our daily bread and
hopefully soon